[GSPAN V6 License Agreement]
	By using the software enclosed in this package (gSpan), you agree to become
	bound by the terms of this license. 

(1).This software is for your internal use only. Please DO NOT redistribute it 
	without the permission from the authors (Xifeng Yan and Jiawei Han).

(2).This software is for academic use only. No other usage is allowed without 
	a written permission from the authors. It cannot be used for any commercial
	interest.

(3).The authors appreciate it if you can send us your feedback and test results 
	including any bug report.

(4).The algorithm used in this software can be found  in 
	"X. Yan and J. Han, gSpan: Graph-Based Substructure Pattern Mining, Proc. 
    2002 Int. Conf. on Data Mining (ICDM'02), Maebashi,Japan, Dec. 2002."
	and its corresponding Technical Report UIUCDCS-R-2002-2296 in CS, UIUC.

(5).The authors do not hold any responsibility for the correctness of this 
    software, though we crosschecked all experimental results.

How-To:

gSpan -f filename -s frequency [-o] [-i] 

filename is a string
frequency is a float


OPTIONS
	-o
		Output frequent graph patterns. The output is located in "filename.fp".
	-i
		The output line starting with "x", includes the id of graphs that 
		contain the pattern.

Example: 
	gSpan -f Compound_422 -s 0.1 -o -i

	which asks gSpan to discover all frequent subgraphs whose frequency is 
	10%. Here, the input file is "Chemical_340". It outputs the patterns in 
	"Chemical_340.fp", with graph id. 

Input Format:
	The input format can be inferred from the file of Chemical_340: 
	"t # N"	means the Nth graph, 
	"v M L"	means that the Mth vertex in this graph has label L,
	"e P Q L" means that there is an edge connecting the Pth vertex with the 
			  Qth vertex. The edge has label L.

	M, N, P, Q, and L are integers. 

Output Format:
	Normal output:
	t # id * support 
	vertex-edge list, same as the input format
	x graph_id list

	"id" is an integer, the serial number of the pattern. 
	"support" is the absolute frequency of the graph pattern.
	"graph_id list" is a list of graphs that contain the pattern. 
	

Notes: This version of gSpan includes patterns with only one vertex. 

Xifeng Yan 
Feb 20, 2009
xyan@cs.ucsb.edu
